Document trusted types directives in the CSP guide (#43016)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/guides/csp/index.md

This directive is not a substitute for the {{httpheader("Strict-Transport-Security")}} header (also known as HSTS), because it does not upgrade external links to a site. Sites should include this directive and the `Strict-Transport-Security` header.

## Requiring trusted types

> The [`require-trusted-types-for`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/require-trusted-types-for) and [`trusted-types`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/trusted-types) directives enable you to defend against client-side [cross-site scripting (XSS)](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS) attacks, by ensuring that any input has been passed through a transformation to make it safe before it is passed to a web platform API that might otherwise execute it as code.

Reviewer: This feels like an overlong sentence. Too much use of "passed" in second sentence. The "to make it safe" is an intent.

```suggestion
The [`require-trusted-types-for`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/require-trusted-types-for) and [`trusted-types`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/trusted-types) directives enable you to defend against client-side [cross-site scripting (XSS)](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS) attacks.
They ensure that any input must be passed through a transformation function, providing an opportunity to make it safe before it is sent to a web platform API that might otherwise execute it as code.
```

### Injection sinks and sanitization

Some APIs in the web platform are known as _injection sinks_. These are APIs that can be passed some input, usually in the form of a string, and that can interpret that input as code. In this guide we've already seen `eval()`, but there are many other injection sinks, such as {{domxref("Element.innerHTML")}} or {{domxref("Document.write()")}}.

If an attacker can supply some specially crafted input to your website, and your website passes it to one of these injection sinks, then the attacker can execute a client-side [cross-site scripting (XSS)](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS) attack.

We've seen that we can use a CSP to disable APIs which are almost always dangerous, like `eval()`, but we might want to be able to use many injection sinks such as `innerHTML`, while ensuring that the input is safe. The practice of ensuring that the input is safe is called [_sanitizing_](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS#sanitization) the input.

### The Trusted Types API

> With the [Trusted Types API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API), you can pass _trusted types_ into injection sinks, instead of strings. Trusted types are the result of passing potentially dangerous input through a transformation function. This transformation typically sanitizes the input, by removing any elements that might make it executable (such as {{htmlelement("script")}} tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [Trusted Types API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API), you can pass _trusted types_ into injection sinks, instead of strings. Trusted types are objects that result from passing potentially dangerous input through a transformation function. This transformation typically sanitizes the input, by removing any elements that might make it executable (such as {{htmlelement("script")}} tags).
```
